.\" Manpage for acron.
.\" Contact acron-devs@cern.ch to report errors or typos.
.TH ACRON-JOBS 1 "01/09/2021" "Acron 0.14.0" "Acron Manual"

.SH NAME
acron-jobs \- Manage jobs on the server

.SH SYNOPSIS
acron jobs [-h] <command> [<args>]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This command acts on jobs on the acron server.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 4
.B -h, --help
Print a short help message.
.TP 4
.B -p --project PROJECT
The project to manage the jobs from if not current user's project.
If you want to have your project manageable by a group, please make a request towards the acron service.

.SH COMMANDS
.B create
.RS 4
Create a new job. Naming convention is jobXXXXXX and increments every time a new job is created.
The job output is delivered via email.
.PP
Three arguments are needed to be able to create a job
.TP 4
.B -s, --schedule CRON
The schedule of the job, quoted, crontab format.
.TP 4
.B -t --target FQDN
The node on which the job will be executed.
.TP 4
.B -c --command CMD
The command to launch, quoted.
.PP
Optionally, you can provide a fixed name for the job.
.TP 4
.B -j, --job_id JOB_ID
The name of the job to create.
.PP
Optionally, you can provide a comment for the job.
.TP 4
.B -d, --description DESCR
A description that will be displayed when the job is shown.
.RE
.PP
.B update
.RS 4
Update an existing job. It is currently not possible to create new jobs with a custom name.
.PP
Four arguments are needed to be able to update a job
.TP 4
.B -j, --job_id JOB_ID
The name of the job to update.
.TP 4
.B -s, --schedule CRON
The schedule of the job, quoted, crontab format.
.TP 4
.B -t --target FQDN
The node on which the job will be executed.
.TP 4
.B -c --command CMD
The command to launch, quoted.
.PP
Optionally you can update the job's comment.
.TP 4
.B -d, --description DESCR
A description that will be displayed when the job is shown.
.RE
.PP
.B show
.RS 4
Show definition of a job.
.PP
There are two options here, either show the definition of a single job or see all jobs. By default it lists all jobs. Jobs with a # in front are disabled.
.TP 4
.B -j, --job_id JOB_ID
The name of the job to show.
.TP 4
.B -a, --all
Show all jobs.
.RE
.PP
.B delete
.RS 4
Delete a job.
.PP
There are two options here, either delete a single job or delete all jobs.
.TP 4
.B -j, --job_id JOB_ID
The name of the job to delete.
.TP 4
.B -a, --all
Delete all jobs.
.PP
.B enable
.RS 4
Enable a disabled job.
.PP
There are two options here, either enable a single job or enable all jobs.
.TP 4
.B -j, --job_id JOB_ID
The name of the job to enable.
.TP 4
.B -a, --all
Enable all jobs.
.RE
.PP
.B disable
.RS 4
Disable a job without deleting it.
.PP
There are two options here, either disable a single job or disable all jobs.
.TP 4
.B -j, --job_id JOB_ID
The name of the job to disable.
.TP 4
.B -a, --all
Disable all jobs.
.RE
.PP

.SH EXIT CODES
.TP 4
.B 0
All good.
.TP 4
.B 1
Bad arguments.
.TP 4
.B 2
Credentials are not valid.
.TP 4
.B 3
Not allowed to access the requested resource.
.TP 4
.B 5
The requested resource could not be found.
.TP 4
.B 6
Unknown issue with the backend.
.TP 4
.B 7
User error, e.g. wrong format.
.TP 4
.B 8
Aborted operation.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP 4
.B Create a new job asking for the lxplus hostname every hour.
acron jobs create -s '0 * * * *' -t lxplus -c hostname
.TP 4
.B List all the jobs.
acron jobs show
.TP 4
.B Delete a job.
acron jobs delete -j job000005
.TP 4
.B Update an existing job.
acron jobs update -j job000002 -s '30 * * * *' -t aiadm -c hostname
.TP 4
.B Manage a job from another project.
acron jobs show -p my_other_project

.SH SEE ALSO
acron(1), acron-creds(1)

.SH BUGS
No known bugs. Please report any to the acron-devs team (acron-devs@cern.ch).

.SH AUTHOR
Philippe Ganz (philippe.ganz@cern.ch), Ulrich Schwickerath (ulrich.schwickerath@cern.ch), Rodrigo Bermudez Schettino (rodrigo.bermudez.schettino@cern.ch)
