.\" Manpage for acron.
.\" Contact acron-devs@cern.ch to report errors or typos.
.TH ACRON-PROJECTS 1 "01/09/2021" "Acron 0.14.0" "Acron Manual"

.SH NAME
acron-projects \- Manage projects on the server

.SH SYNOPSIS
acron projects [-h] <command> [<args>]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This command acts on projects on the acron server.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 4
.B -h, --help
Print a short help message.
.TP 4
.B -a, --all
Show all shareable projects for current user.

.SH COMMANDS
.B show
.RS 4
Show definition of a project.
.PP
There are two options here, either show the definition of a single project or see all projects. By default it lists only own project.
.TP 4
.B -a, --all
Show all shareable projects.
.RE
.PP
.B share
.RS 4
Share project with another user.
.PP
User ID of the user to share project with is a required argument.
.TP 4
.B -u, --user_id USER_ID
Share project with user (read-only permissions).
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B -w, --write
Grant user write permissions to project.
.TP 4
.B -d, --delete
Delete project share for user.
.RE
.RE
.B delete
.RS 4
Delete project of the authenticated user.


.SH EXIT CODES
.TP 4
.B 0
All good.
.TP 4
.B 1
Bad arguments.
.TP 4
.B 2
Credentials are not valid.
.TP 4
.B 3
Not allowed to access the requested resource.
.TP 4
.B 5
The requested resource could not be found.
.TP 4
.B 6
Unknown issue with the backend.
.TP 4
.B 7
User error, e.g. wrong format.
.TP 4
.B 8
Aborted operation.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP 4
.B List own project and users who have access to it.
acron projects show
.TP 4
.B List all projects user has access to.
acron projects show --all
.TP 4
.B Grant user read-only permissions to own project.
acron projects share --user_id USER_ID
.TP 4
.B Grant user read and write permissions to own project.
acron projects share --user_id USER_ID --write
.TP 4
.B Revoke project share for user.
acron projects share --user_id USER_ID --delete
.TP 4
.B Delete the user's project.
acron projects delete

.SH SEE ALSO
acron(1), acron-creds(1), acron-jobs(1)

.SH BUGS
No known bugs. Please report any to the acron-devs team (acron-devs@cern.ch).

.SH AUTHOR
Rodrigo Bermudez Schettino (rodrigo.bermudez.schettino@cern.ch)
