.\" Manpage for acron.
.\" Contact acron-devs@cern.ch to report errors or typos.
.TH ACRON-CREDS 1 "01/09/2021" "Acron 0.14.0" "Acron Manual"

.SH NAME
acron-creds \- Manage credentials on the server

.SH SYNOPSIS
acron creds [-h] <command> [<args>]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This command acts on credentials on the acron server.
It is only possible to manage credentials from the account owning them.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 4
.B -h, --help
Print a short help message.

.SH COMMANDS
.B upload
.RS 4
Upload a new credentials file to the server.
.PP
Two options are available to upload new credentials, either by specifying the path to the credentials file or to automatically generate a keytab.
.TP 4
.B -f, --file FILE
Path to the credentials file to upload.
.TP 4
.B -g, --generate
Generate a new keytab for the current user.
.RE
.PP
.B status
.RS 4
Get the status of the credentials on the server. Does NOT download the credentials file.
.RE
.PP
.B delete
.RS 4
Delete the credentials file from the server.
.RE

.SH EXIT CODES
.TP 4
.B 0
All good.
.TP 4
.B 1
Bad arguments.
.TP 4
.B 2
Credentials are not valid.
.TP 4
.B 3
Not allowed to access the requested resource.
.TP 4
.B 5
The requested resource could not be found.
.TP 4
.B 6
Unknown issue with the backend.
.TP 4
.B 7
User error, e.g. wrong format.
.TP 4
.B 8
Aborted operation.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP 4
.B Generate a keytab and upload it to the server
acron creds upload -g
.TP 4
.B Check for the status of the credentials on the server
acron creds status
.TP 4
.B Delete the credentials from the server
acron creds delete

.SH SEE ALSO
acron(1), acron-jobs(1)

.SH BUGS
No known bugs. Please report any to the acron-devs team (acron-devs@cern.ch).

.SH AUTHOR
Philippe Ganz (philippe.ganz@cern.ch), Ulrich Schwickerath (ulrich.schwickerath@cern.ch), Rodrigo Bermudez Schettino (rodrigo.bermudez.schettino@cern.ch)
